value is undefined we have not set them
to anything but it's simple to fix that
I'll just set this to 5 I'll set B to 10
and then we can set C to a string it's
going to be I am a string and you always
have to put in quotation marks like that
so you can see a a plus 1 is going to
equal 6 5 plus 1 equals 6 B equals B
plus 5 that's gonna be 15 and then C is
now gonna say I am a string
variable names and function names in
JavaScript are case-sensitive
that means the capitalization matters so
this declaration here is not the same as
this assignment even though the letters
are the same the capitalization is not
the same so it's not going to assign
correctly and in here you'll see there's
an error if we try to run it because
this has not been defined it has not
been declared it's generally common
practice to use camel case so let me
show you how we do that instead of
Studley cap var it's gonna be stud
League cap var so the first letter is
always gonna be lowercase and anytime
you have a new word or new section of a
word you just capitalize the first
letter and so we can change this this
one's correct so now just go down here
studly cap var and then we just do
proper camel case and then title case
over so now all these should be defined
so we declare them up here we assign
them right here and then this is not
going to give us any errors it's going
to behave exactly how we want it to
behave
adding two numbers in JavaScript is
pretty straightforward
you just use the plus operator so this
says 10 plus 0 which equals 10 we can
also do 10 plus 10 which is going to
equal 20 if we do a console log and I
can put some here and then you'll be
able to see that the answer is 20 right
in the console 10 plus 10 is 20
and subtraction is also what you would
expect we have the subtraction sign here
this says 45 minus zero we can also do
45 minus 33 and then that would equal 12
so the difference variable equals 12 now
multiplication in JavaScript uses this
asterisk or a star symbol here
so this says 8 times 0 which is 0 or we
can change it to 8 times 10 which is 80
so now the product variable equals 80
you can divide in JavaScript with this
slash symbol so this says 66 divided by
zero we can change this to 33
so now 66 divided by 33 is two quotient
equals two
to increment a number means to add one